docs/gha-workflows.md, before:

# Docs: GitHub Actions Workflows

In this repo, we have many [GitHub Actions workflows](../.github/workflows) for different aspects
of the CI pipelines.

- [Camunda Helm chart deployment](#camunda-helm-chart-deployment)
  - [⭐ Getting Started ⭐](#-getting-started-)
  - [Workflow inputs](#workflow-inputs)
  - [Workflow patterns](#workflow-patterns)

## Camunda Helm chart deployment

The Distro team provides a GitHub Actions Workflow to deploy the Camunda Helm chart via GitHub Actions. This workflow is customizable and supports different patterns. For example, disabling integration tests, single namespace, multi namespace, persistent setup with a defined TTL (not deleted after the workflow), and more.

### ⭐ Getting Started ⭐

The quickest way to use this workflow is the example template:

- Copy [test-helm-chart.yaml](../.github/workflows/examples/test-helm-chart.yaml) to your repo under `.github/workflows/test-helm-chart.yaml`.
- Replace `<USE_CASE>` in that file with a clear identifier for your use case (e.g., `my-team-dev-env`).
- **Done! 🎉** The Helm chart integration test will run with each PR in your repo.

You can see the workflow in action on the Camunda apps repo: [Camunda Helm Chart Integration Test](https://github.com/camunda/camunda/actions/workflows/camunda-helm-integration.yml).

### Workflow inputs

These inputs allow you to customize Helm chart deployments.

In most cases, you just need to set `identifier`, `camunda-helm-dir`, and `extra-values`.

```yaml
jobs:
  ...
  helm-deploy:
    name: Helm chart Integration Tests
    uses: camunda/camunda-platform-helm/.github/workflows/test-integration-template.yaml@main
    secrets: inherit
    with:
      # Unique identifier used in the deployment hostname
      # Required: true
      identifier: 'console-team-dev-env'

      # A reference for the Camunda Helm chart directory which allows to test unreleased chagnes from Git repo.
      # The latest supported chart doesn't have a version in its directory name like `camunda-platform`.
      # The previous releases have the Camunda version in their directory name e.g. `camunda-platform-8.4`.
      # Default: 'camunda-platform-latest'
      # Required: false
      camunda-helm-dir: 'camunda-platform-latest'

      # Pass extra values to the Helm chart during deployment
      # Default: ''
      # Required: false
      extra-values: |
        global:
          image:
            tag: 8.2.10
        console:
          image:
            tag: xyz

      # Git reference for the Camunda Helm chart repository 
      # Default: 'main'
      # Required: false
      camunda-helm-git-ref: 'main'

      # Git reference of the caller's repository (branch, tag, or commit SHA) that initiated the workflow
      # Default: 'main'
      # Required: false
      caller-git-ref: 'main'

      # Define a ttl for the deployment after the workflow is completed
      # Note: All persistent deployments will be deleted frequently to save costs
      # Default: ""
      # Required: false
      deployment-ttl: ''

      # Specifies the cloud platform that is currently used
      # Default: 'gke'
      # Required: false
      platforms: 'gke'

      # Types of operations to perform with the Helm chart, like install, upgrade
      # Default: 'install'
      # Required: false
      flows: 'install'

      # Flag to enable or disable the execution of test scenarios after Helm chart deployment
      # Default: true
      # Required: false
      test-enabled: true
```

<details>
  <summary>ℹ️ Notes ℹ️</summary>
  
**General**

- Adjust `identifier`, `caller-git-ref`, `flows`, `test-enabled`, and `extra-values` as needed for your specific testing scenario.
- The `identifier` is essential for distinguishing between different deployments, particularly useful in environments with multiple parallel deployments.
- For `extra-values`, ensure the YAML format is correct and that the values specified meet the requirements for your environment.
- For more details on how to use these inputs within the workflow or to modify them for specific testing needs, refer to the official [GitHub Actions documentation](https://docs.github.com/en/actions).

**Lifecycle**

- The default behavior in the integration tests workflow is to delete the test resources after the test is finished.
- To keep the deployment for at least one day, you need to set `deployment-ttl: 1d`.
-  You need to rerun the workflow when you need the deployment to be persistent with a defined deployment-ttl.
- Example of `deployment-ttl` values:
  - `360s`: 360 seconds
  - `10m`: 10 minutes
  - `24h`: 24 hours
  - `7d`: 7 days
  - `2w`: 2 weeks

</details>

### Workflow patterns

The most important workflow is the [main integration workflow](../.github/workflows/test-integration-template.yaml),
where each Camunda component can reuse that workflow in their CI pipelines to ensure that
each component works as expected within the Camunda as a whole.

#### Single Namespace

To embed the Camunda Helm chart integration tests in your GHA workflow, you need to use
the following:

```yaml
jobs:
  ...
  helm-deploy:
    name: Helm chart Integration Tests
    uses: camunda/camunda-platform-helm/.github/workflows/test-integration-template.yaml@main
    secrets: inherit
    with:
      identifier: dev-console-sm
      extra-values: |
        global:
          image:
            tag: 8.2.10
        console:
          image:
            tag: xyz
```

Adding that will run Camunda Helm chart integration tests and add the deployment URL
in your repo (the URL will show in the PR or the GH deployment section).

Check the example in the [getting started](#-getting-started-) section for more details.

#### Multi Namespace

```yaml
jobs:
  ...
  helm-deploy:
    strategy:
      matrix:
        deployment:
          - id: management
            extra-values: |
              zeebe:
                enabled: false
              zeebeGateway:
                enabled: false
              operate:
                enabled: false
              tasklist:
                enabled: false
              optimize:
                enabled: false
              connectors:
                enabled: false
              elasticsearch:
                enabled: false
          - id: team01
            extra-values: |
              global:
                identity:
                  service:
                    url: "http://integration-identity.camunda-platform-id-dev-console-sm-main.svc.cluster.local:80/identity"
                  keycloak:
                    url:
                      protocol: "http"
                      host: "integration-keycloak.camunda-platform-id-dev-console-sm-main.svc.cluster.local"
                      port: "80"
              identity:
                enabled: false
              webModeler:
                enabled: false
              postgresql:
                enabled: false
              console:
                enabled: false
          - id: team02
            extra-values: |
              global:
                identity:
                  service:
                    url: "http://integration-identity.camunda-platform-id-dev-console-sm-main.svc.cluster.local:80/identity"
                  keycloak:
                    url:
                      protocol: "http"
                      host: "integration-keycloak.camunda-platform-id-dev-console-sm-main.svc.cluster.local"
                      port: "80"
              identity:
                enabled: false
              webModeler:
                enabled: false
              postgresql:
                enabled: false
              console:
                enabled: false
    name: Helm integration tests - ${{ matrix.deployment.id }}
    uses: camunda/camunda-platform-helm/.github/workflows/test-integration-template.yaml@main
    secrets: inherit
    with:
      identifier: dev-console-sm-${{ matrix.deployment.id }}
      deployment-ttl: 1d
      extra-values: |
        ${{ matrix.deployment.extra-values }}
```

#### Persistent deployment

If you have long-running workflows with multiple jobs, you can set `deployment-ttl: 1d` which will keep the deployment namespace for 1 day and not delete it after the workflow is done.


#### Non-ephemeral infrastracture

By default, all of our CI workloads are working on preemptable nodes, meaning the workflows should be fault-tolerant and have a retry mechanism. If your team needs a stable, non-ephemeral infrastracture, please contact the Distribution team for institutions.

Commit message:

ci: provide stable infrastructure via gha workflow (#2233)
Signed-off-by: Ahmed AbouZaid <6760103+aabouzaid@users.noreply.github.com>

docs/gha-workflows.md, after:

# Docs: GitHub Actions Workflows

In this repo, we have many [GitHub Actions workflows](../.github/workflows) for different aspects
of the CI pipelines.

- [Camunda Helm chart deployment](#camunda-helm-chart-deployment)
  - [⭐ Getting Started ⭐](#-getting-started-)
  - [Workflow inputs](#workflow-inputs)
  - [Workflow patterns](#workflow-patterns)

## Camunda Helm chart deployment

The Distro team provides a GitHub Actions Workflow to deploy the Camunda Helm chart via GitHub Actions. This workflow is customizable and supports different patterns. For example, disabling integration tests, single namespace, multi namespace, persistent setup with a defined TTL (not deleted after the workflow), and more.

### ⭐ Getting Started ⭐

The quickest way to use this workflow is the example template:

- Copy [test-helm-chart.yaml](../.github/workflows/examples/test-helm-chart.yaml) to your repo under `.github/workflows/test-helm-chart.yaml`.
- Replace `<USE_CASE>` in that file with a clear identifier for your use case (e.g., `my-team-dev-env`).
- **Done! 🎉** The Helm chart integration test will run with each PR in your repo.

You can see the workflow in action on the Camunda apps repo: [Camunda Helm Chart Integration Test](https://github.com/camunda/camunda/actions/workflows/camunda-helm-integration.yml).

### Workflow inputs

These inputs allow you to customize Helm chart deployments.

In most cases, you just need to set `identifier`, `camunda-helm-dir`, and `extra-values`.

```yaml
jobs:
  ...
  helm-deploy:
    name: Helm chart Integration Tests
    uses: camunda/camunda-platform-helm/.github/workflows/test-integration-template.yaml@main
    secrets: inherit
    with:
      # Unique identifier used in the deployment hostname
      # Required: true
      identifier: 'console-team-dev-env'

      # A reference for the Camunda Helm chart directory which allows to test unreleased chagnes from Git repo.
      # The latest supported chart doesn't have a version in its directory name like `camunda-platform`.
      # The previous releases have the Camunda version in their directory name e.g. `camunda-platform-8.4`.
      # Default: 'camunda-platform-latest'
      # Required: false
      camunda-helm-dir: 'camunda-platform-latest'

      # Pass extra values to the Helm chart during deployment
      # Default: ''
      # Required: false
      extra-values: |
        global:
          image:
            tag: 8.2.10
        console:
          image:
            tag: xyz

      # Git reference for the Camunda Helm chart repository 
      # Default: 'main'
      # Required: false
      camunda-helm-git-ref: 'main'

      # Git reference of the caller's repository (branch, tag, or commit SHA) that initiated the workflow
      # Default: 'main'
      # Required: false
      caller-git-ref: 'main'

      # Define a ttl for the deployment after the workflow is completed
      # Note: All persistent deployments will be deleted frequently to save costs
      # Default: ''
      # Required: false
      deployment-ttl: ''

      # Specifies the cloud platform that is currently used
      # Default: 'gke'
      # Required: false
      platforms: 'gke'

      # Types of operations to perform with the Helm chart, like install, upgrade
      # Default: 'install'
      # Required: false
      flows: 'install'

      # Flag to enable or disable the execution of test scenarios after Helm chart deployment
      # Default: true
      # Required: false
      test-enabled: true

      # Define the infrastructure that will be used to run the deployment.
      # Default: 'preemptible'
      # Required: false
      infra-type: 'preemptible'

```

<details>
  <summary>ℹ️ Notes ℹ️</summary>
  
**General**

- Adjust `identifier`, `caller-git-ref`, `flows`, `test-enabled`, and `extra-values` as needed for your specific testing scenario.
- The `identifier` is essential for distinguishing between different deployments, particularly useful in environments with multiple parallel deployments.
- For `extra-values`, ensure the YAML format is correct and that the values specified meet the requirements for your environment.
- For more details on how to use these inputs within the workflow or to modify them for specific testing needs, refer to the official [GitHub Actions documentation](https://docs.github.com/en/actions).

**Lifecycle**

- The default behavior in the integration tests workflow is to delete the test resources after the test is finished.
- To keep the deployment for at least one day, you need to set `deployment-ttl: 1d`.
-  You need to rerun the workflow when you need the deployment to be persistent with a defined deployment-ttl.
- Example of `deployment-ttl` values:
  - `360s`: 360 seconds
  - `10m`: 10 minutes
  - `24h`: 24 hours
  - `7d`: 7 days
  - `2w`: 2 weeks

</details>

### Workflow patterns

The most important workflow is the [main integration workflow](../.github/workflows/test-integration-template.yaml),
where each Camunda component can reuse that workflow in their CI pipelines to ensure that
each component works as expected within the Camunda as a whole.

#### Single Namespace

To embed the Camunda Helm chart integration tests in your GHA workflow, you need to use
the following:

```yaml
jobs:
  ...
  helm-deploy:
    name: Helm chart Integration Tests
    uses: camunda/camunda-platform-helm/.github/workflows/test-integration-template.yaml@main
    secrets: inherit
    with:
      identifier: dev-console-sm
      extra-values: |
        global:
          image:
            tag: 8.2.10
        console:
          image:
            tag: xyz
```

Adding that will run Camunda Helm chart integration tests and add the deployment URL
in your repo (the URL will show in the PR or the GH deployment section).

Check the example in the [getting started](#-getting-started-) section for more details.

#### Multi Namespace

```yaml
jobs:
  ...
  helm-deploy:
    strategy:
      matrix:
        deployment:
          - id: management
            extra-values: |
              zeebe:
                enabled: false
              zeebeGateway:
                enabled: false
              operate:
                enabled: false
              tasklist:
                enabled: false
              optimize:
                enabled: false
              connectors:
                enabled: false
              elasticsearch:
                enabled: false
          - id: team01
            extra-values: |
              global:
                identity:
                  service:
                    url: "http://integration-identity.camunda-platform-id-dev-console-sm-main.svc.cluster.local:80/identity"
                  keycloak:
                    url:
                      protocol: "http"
                      host: "integration-keycloak.camunda-platform-id-dev-console-sm-main.svc.cluster.local"
                      port: "80"
              identity:
                enabled: false
              webModeler:
                enabled: false
              postgresql:
                enabled: false
              console:
                enabled: false
          - id: team02
            extra-values: |
              global:
                identity:
                  service:
                    url: "http://integration-identity.camunda-platform-id-dev-console-sm-main.svc.cluster.local:80/identity"
                  keycloak:
                    url:
                      protocol: "http"
                      host: "integration-keycloak.camunda-platform-id-dev-console-sm-main.svc.cluster.local"
                      port: "80"
              identity:
                enabled: false
              webModeler:
                enabled: false
              postgresql:
                enabled: false
              console:
                enabled: false
    name: Helm integration tests - ${{ matrix.deployment.id }}
    uses: camunda/camunda-platform-helm/.github/workflows/test-integration-template.yaml@main
    secrets: inherit
    with:
      identifier: dev-console-sm-${{ matrix.deployment.id }}
      deployment-ttl: 1d
      extra-values: |
        ${{ matrix.deployment.extra-values }}
```

#### Persistent deployment

If you have long-running workflows with multiple jobs, you can set `deployment-ttl: 1d` which will keep the deployment namespace for 1 day and not delete it after the workflow is done.


#### Non-ephemeral infrastracture

By default, all of our CI workloads are working on preemptable nodes, meaning the workflows should be fault-tolerant and have a retry mechanism. If your team needs a stable, non-ephemeral infrastracture, please contact the Distribution team for institutions.
